Add new connection security fields. (#24455)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/webrequest/securityinfo/index.md

    Note though that at present you can only call `getSecurityInfo()` in the `onHeaderReceived` listener, and the `onHeaderReceived` event is not fired when the handshake fails. So in practice this will never be set to "broke".

- `usedEch` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection used Encrypted Client Hello, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection used ECH (Encrypted Client Hello), `false` otherwise.
```

> - `usedDelegatedCredentials` {{optional_inline}}

Reviewer: Please move above `usedEch` to maintain alphabetical order

>   - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection used Delegated Credentials, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection used delegated credentials, `false` otherwise.
```

Author: Delegated Credentials is a proper noun.

Reviewer: Not according to the [specification](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-tls-subcerts/), e.g. 'A (D)TLS handshake that uses delegated credentials differs from a standard handshake in a few important ways:'

Author: 'Delegated Credentials' is the correct way to refer to the mechanism described in the draft, it is a specific (draft) standard. If a client and a server both implement Delegated Credentials, then their (D)TLS handshake will involve the exchange of delegated credentials (common noun), referring to the signed public key material exchanged by the parties. 

See this blog [post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/keyless-delegation/) by Cloudflare as an example.

Reviewer: Outside of the specifications title and section headings,  the specification doesn't use dedicated credentials as a proper noun. How about:
```suggestion
  - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection used [Delegated Credentials for (D)TLS](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-tls-subcerts/) , `false` otherwise.
```

Author: @rebloor - That link will break shortly when its published as an RFC. It's fine as is. I appreciate your feedback on the rest of the patch, but I really don't want to spend any more time on capitalization.

- `usedOcsp` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection made an OCSP Request, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection made an OCSP (Online Certificate Status Protocol) request, `false` otherwise.
```

- `usedPrivateDns` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection made a private DNS lookup, e.g. with DoH, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: Per style guide [Abbreviations and acronyms](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Writing_style_guide#abbreviations_and_acronyms) 
```suggestion
  - : `Boolean`. `true` if the connection made a private DNS lookup, such as with DoH (DNS over HTTPS), `false` otherwise.
```
